hi I'm Martin hey I own heap sausage
shop in Greenwich I'm going to show you
a delicious sausage recipe I'm going to
show you how to make sausage quiche now
keish being a French dish and in keeping
with the French idea I'm going to be
using a Toulouse sausage available at
most supermarkets and the amount of
sausage meat you put into this is
entirely up to you but what you've got
to remember is going to contribute very
much the flavor of the quiche it's got
garlic it's got red wine they got herbs
and pork what I've done is break Lee's
into marble sized pieces and I've sealed
them in my frying pan over on my stove
just to get to firm it up once it's into
the mold and as you can see it's been
partially baked we baked it blind this
is done by lining with a kitchen paper
and then you can use rice beans or these
ceramic balls but this keeps the sides
of the quiche nice and stiff so we're
going to construct now the custard and
the garnish i'm going to use sweated
onion lunched bacon and what do I mean
by Blanche bacon this is bacon or
pancetta you can use cut into small
pieces covered with cold water and
rapidly brought to the boil what this
does is to wash the bake and get rid of
an any unnecessary salts on the outside
but it gives you a much much superior
flavor in the finished dish I'm going to
make a custard using four eggs
and an egg yolk five hundred mils of
milk and some double cream just to
finish it one egg yolk
the egg yolk enriches this a very very
rich dish all together lightly break the
eggs you don't want to over wit them
don't want them to suit play by over
whisking you're going to introduce air
and give it an unnecessary volume of air
inside the the custard I'm adding the
milk for the egg and the yolk not over
mixing it now this is blanched bacon
I've already explained that this is not
salty because I've washed it by
blanching it with cold water and then
running it under under a cold water tap
and draining all the water off you can
either add this as a volume to the
custard but it's still lacks certain
flavor so I'm going to give it some
sweated onion now this is one medium
sized onion finely chopped and cooked
down in butter they're sweet if you use
raw onion will be totally unsuitable you
need to get the acidity out of the onion
to give this the kind of flavor I want
this is up to you entirely the amount
that you use I'm also going to take some
Parmesan cheese and add that into the
mixture not on the top but into it and
I'm going to add a volume of chopped
parsley to give it some color I washed
the parsley after chopping it because I
don't want it to over green the custard
and to add some milk pepper
I'm not going to add any salt because
I'd got the jakin and the Parmesan
cheese which is going to give it all of
the necessary soul that I want now
because these are large ish I'm going to
put these into the bottom of the flan
ring you'll see that they're quite firm
but I've hardly cooked them at all I'm
there I've allowed them to call because
you don't want to be putting a hot
sealed piece of meat with custard it
might start to cook it slightly and
that's not what we want I don't want too
much of this is the influence of the
Toulouse sausage is strong enough I'm
going to try and separate these out and
this is where the delicate bit starts
we've got to get that into the oven and
bake it i would say for at least 30
minutes to allow the actual couche to
set finally just to really make it
horribly rich I'm going to put some
double cream in lift it onto your shelf
and if you can pull the Shelf out i'm
going to just pour this gently all the
way round I'd like this to come right to
the top with the garnish
right to the brim
now very carefully I'm going to slide
the shelf in
you've already got a little bit of color
on this quiche crust and what you can do
is once it starts to bake and get hot we
don't want the pastry to burn so I'm
going to lay a piece of greaseproof
paper over it at that point to stop it
singeing the top of the pastry this has
taken about 45 minutes to an hour and
it's completely set that the custard is
firm it's not over boiled and it's going
to be smooth when we could cut it that's
how to make a sausage quiche
you